we are in a new series called kingdom powers.
Somebody say kingdom powers.
And so we're studying what motivates the kingdom of light and what motivates the kingdom of darkness.
And so if we can understand what motivates the kingdom of light, we can walk in it.
And if we understand what motivates the kingdom of darkness, we can shun it.
Amen.
So we don't want to be children of light.
operating in darkness principles.
We want to be kingdom of light operating children of kingdom of light operating in godly principles.
Amen?
And so we have a main scripture that we're focusing on in this series and that's Matthew 633.
How many people know Matthew 633?
That's a powerful scripture and I like the amplified and it says
but first and most importantly, seek, aim at, strive after his kingdom, God's kingdom and his righteousness.
His way of doing and being right, the attitude and character of God, all these things will be given to you also.
Powerful.
So every day we need to be putting God's kingdom first.
Amen.
Last week we talked about what motivates the kingdom of darkness.
I don't know if you remember that message or not, but it's pride.
Pride motivates the kingdom of darkness and what motivates the kingdom of light, humility, being humble.
Boy, it's going over like a lead balloon this morning.
He's waking up.
Amen.
And so we want to walk in humility, glory to God.
Amen?
When you get saved, you humble yourself under the mighty
hand of God.
Amen.
And that's what we do.
We realize that we're not smarter than God.
That's why we have God in our life.
If you're watching online, you realize you don't have it all together yet.
You need God in your life.
Amen.
And so, and so I love this because the scripture to sum up last weeks, if I'm going to, you know, kind of sum it up on last week's is, is sum it up in Proverbs 11, too.
When pride comes,
then comes shame, but with a humble is wisdom.
Powerful.
Now I'm gonna, can I amplify it for you?
The amplified says it this way.
When pride comes, boiling up with arrogant attitude and self-importance, then comes dishonor and shame.
But with a humble, the teachable who have been chiseled by trial and who have learned to walk humbly with God, there is wisdom,
and soundness of mine.
That's a powerful scripture, isn't it?
Chiseled by trials, amen?
Because we know that it's the trials that will create us coming to a place where we're getting our knees.
Whenever you have a problem, you should always drop down on your knees and seek the Lord.
And before you have a problem, drop down on your knees
and seek the Lord.
Amen.
In other words, stay on your knees.
Because you fight your battles in prayer.
You fight your battles in humbling yourself under the mighty hand of God, amen?
So today I want to focus on two more critical powers that motivates each kingdom.
Thus, my subtitle
Greed versus generosity.
Wow.
That's a good title, isn't it?
The devil will try to motivate people with a spirit agreed in the last days.
In the last days, people will be lovers of themselves.
They will be focused on themselves.
But I'm going to say this, if you're in the kingdom of light, you're not focused on yourself.
You're focused on God and you're focused on others.
Amen.
That's a good amen.
Somebody say I'm focused on God and I'm focused on loving others.
So what is greed?
Greed is a selfish desire of wealth and possessions.
Amen.
In other words, a greedy person has little regard for anybody else but themselves.
That doesn't work in the kingdom of God.
We don't want to be greedy people, but that spirit can come on a believer at times.
And we got to fight that spirit of greed that will try to come on us at times.
Because that's what the devil wants his operating in.
I call a spirit of greed a spirit of self-preservation.
In other words, you're trying to preserve yourself.
You're putting your faith in trust and what you can do.
You're putting your faith in trust and how much money you make.
You're putting your faith in trust in your bank account, in your investments.
No, put your faith in trusting God.
Because in a New York minute, those things can be gone.
But what lasts forever is your faith in God.
So don't put your faith in your ability to make money because that could dissipate over time.
but put your faith in God, amen?
A spirit of self-preservation puts self-first over God.
Now let's look at some scriptures this morning that will kind of reveals the pitfalls of greed and the blessings of generosity.
In Proverbs 28, 25, it says, an arrogant and greedy man stirs up strife, but he who trusts in the Lord will be blessed
and prosper.
Think about that.
So somebody that's greedy, they at times will stir up strife.
They get angry.
They get upset because they feel like they don't have enough.
They get upset because what they have, they're not thankful for what they have.
You got to be thankful for what you have and then God can give you more.
But if you're unthankful for what you've got, what you have may dissipate.
Say, I'm going to be thankful.
for what I have.
And most of you have more than you think you do.
Most of you think, ah, I don't have much.
You have a lot.
If you have Jesus, you have the kingdom of God working on your behalf.
You have everything in God if you have the kingdom.
You lack nothing, but I don't have an education.
You don't need an education.
All you need is faith in God.
Now unless God tells you you need an education,
Now God may say, I want you to get it, educate it, amen?
I want you to get educated, amen?
And so if you get educated, God's leading you that, that's fine.
But don't put your faith in trust and knowledge, put your faith in trust in the Lord, amen?
Amen.
And so in Proverbs 11, 24, it says, there's one who scatters talking about selling financial blessings, yet increases more.
So you can give,
and increase more.
And there's one that withholds more than is right, but leads to poverty.
Think about that.
So what the proverb is saying, what Solomon is saying is he's saying that don't hold back.
In other words, give generously and you will have prosperity working in your life.
I like him, Proverbs 11, 28.
He says, he who trusted his riches will fall.
But the righteous will flourish like foliage.
Now, that's kind of unclear, but foliage, you know, it's like having green plants all around you, amen?
Lord, I got it.
It's like you being, having, being prosperous, being green, amen?
And Proverbs 11, 28, let me just give it to you in the Amplified, because I like what the Amplified says on this verse.
It says, he who leans on and trusts in,
and is confident in his riches will fall.
But the righteous who trusts in God's provision will flourish like a green leaf.
Is that powerful?
I love that.
Proverbs 119, so are the ways of everyone who's greedy for gain.
It takes away the life of its owner.
Amen.
So if you're greedy for gain, that means you're trying work, work, work, work, work, and you have the life, amen?
No, you know, there's nothing wrong and work has its place, but you want to have a balanced life.
Amen.
Your life needs to be balanced.
It's not all about work.
Amen.
But work is a good thing.
The Bible says, if you don't work, you don't eat.
So I believe in work, but don't get over balance in this area and focus on work, work, work.
There's a time to work and there's a time to play.
Thank you for that amen in there.
I think you guys like vacations.
Amen?
Glory to God.
Amen.
I like what Jesus had to say in Luke 12, 15.
He said, then he said to them, watch out, be on your guard against all kinds of greed.
This is the NIV.
Life does not consist in an abundance of possessions.
So this is telling me when you're on your death bed,
and you're about ready to go to heaven.
You're not going to ask your wife, let me check out the bank book.
You're not going to be checking your bank account.
Hopefully when you're on your last day of life, hopefully you're not going to be focused on that because all that, you know, it's all going to burn up.
You know, this life is just a vapor.
We're here today.
And what we have is just resource.
Somebody say resource.
That resource is to bless our family and to bless others.
And a little blessing for ourselves too.
Amen.
And so it's resource.
So God will give us resource.
He will give us provision for the vision.
Somebody say provision.
So if you have no vision, you don't need any provision.
Amen.
So you got to get a vision for your life believing that God wants to bless your life.
So greedy people put their trust in their wealth and their stuff.
Generous people put their trust in God, focuses on the principle of giving to the needs of others.
The devil wants people to focus on themselves and their personal kingdom.
This amounts to a greedy, self-serving attitude.
God wants us to put His kingdom first and focus on His righteousness, His way of living life.
There's a sad account
in the Old Testament of a man that was greedy.
And this said account, it takes place in Joshua.
Now, Joshua was in Joshua 6, chapter 6, and Joshua was bringing the children of Israel into the promised land.
He was tasked to bring the children of Israel.
See, I'm tasked to bring you into your promised land.
God wants you going to a promised land.
And hopefully as I minister to you, you're moving to the next level and you're coming in to your promised land, a milk and honey flowing in your life.
And I notice that when people come to church and they get committed and submit it, their life gets better.
Your life doesn't get worse.
your life gets better.
Glory to God.
Amen.
Say my life is getting better.
Glory to God.
And so I love that.
So Joshua was tasked to bring the children of Israel.
Now the first city that Joshua had to conquer was Jericho.
Now it was probably the hardest city.
How come God wants us believing for the hardest thing sometimes, amen?
So Jericho was a city that was a world city that was impregnable and that the enemies could not get into this wall city.
But God was giving them the city, amen.
And I'm gonna say this, God's gonna give you your blessing if you just keep believing and walk in his ways.
Do you believe that today?
And I love this because there's something special about Jericho.
God gave some specific commands about Jericho when they took the city.
He says in Joshua 6, 18, 19, he says, but keep away from the devoted things so that you will not bring about your own destruction by taking any of them.
Otherwise you will make the cap of Israel liable to destruction and bring trouble on it.
All the silver and gold and the articles of the bronze and iron are sacred to the Lord and must go into the Lord's treasury.
Okay.
So what the Lord was saying was that the first city, normally when you win a battle in the city, normally the people get the spoils of that battle.
Amen.
But God wanted the spoils, the first city to go to him.
Think about this.
This tells me that God's looking for our first.
This tells me that God is saying, when you get a paycheck, I want you thinking of me first.
Don't think about it or your bills.
Don't think about everything else.
You think about me first and put me first place.
But unfortunately, a lot of times what we do is we think about everything else and then we put God last.
And we don't want to put God last.
We want to put him first.
And so this is a principle of first.
And so I believe that the rest of the cities were open for them to receive, but God wanted that first city to be first.
Now there was a man called Aiken or Aiken.
I like to say Aiken because he ended up Aiken at the end and he took some spoils from Jericho.
Knows this is said that do not take anything, or it will be for your own destruction.
This was a command that was clear to the Israelites.
But in Joshua 7-1, it says, but the Israelites were unfaithful in regard to the devoted things.
Aiken, the son of Karmi, the son of Zimrai, the son of Zira of the tribe of Judah took some of them
So the Lord's anger burned against Israel.
So when somebody in that group sins, God looks at the entire group and sin.
So one person can cause the downfall of an entire group.
Wow.
In other words, your sin is not just you, your own.
When you sin, it can affect other people.
A lot of people say, well, my sin is between me and God, not necessarily.
Your sin can affect your family, can affect your spouse, your children, your sin can affect other people.
Amen.
And so we got to be very careful about that.
And then Joshua in 7.2 says, now Joshua sent men from Jericho to A.I.
which is near Beth Avon to the east of Bethel and told them, go up to spy out the region so the men went up and spied out AI.
And then AI was really a small city.
So when Joshua 745 says they took about 3,000 went up but they were routed by the men of AI who killed about 36 of them.
They chased the Israelites from the city gate as far as the stone quarries and struck them down on the slopes.
And this is the hearts of the people melted in fear because it became like water.
So what happened was they had this great victory, but because sin was in the camp, God's grace wasn't on them to win.
And whenever we have sin in our life, or we're putting up with sin, then we may not have the grace victories that we need to walk in.
And I don't know about you, but I don't want no sin
holding me back from the grace victories that God has for me or that God has for my family.
Because your sin can affect, notice that that that aching sin costs 36 people to die.
That's pretty, that's pretty powerful.
Then Joshua got on his face and started worshiping the Lord.
And in Joshua 17, it says, the Lord said to Joshua,
Stand up, what are you doing down on your face?
Israel has sinned.
They have violated my covenant, which I commanded them to keep.
They have taken some of the devoted things.
They have stolen.
They have lied.
They have put them with their own possessions.
Talking about Aiken.
And so God said that you're gonna have to find out who the person that did this and you're gonna have to exact punishment on this person.
And so Joshua, so Aiken,
finally confess to stealing some clothes, some gold, and some silver that belonged to the Lord.
And so Joshua had to punish Aiken because Aiken caused 36 people to die because of his greed.
So Aiken lost his life, his family, and his stuff over his greed.
Amen.
And so that's a very high price to pay for greed.
And I don't want to have greed working in my life, amen?
So let's talk about something here.
Well, if you think about this, greed costs Judas his life.
Remember Judas stole from the treasury and he stole from the offerings and Judas ended up betraying Jesus and it cost him his life.
Remember the rich man in Lazarus?
I don't know if you know the story,
But the rich man ended up in hell.
Lazarus ended up in Abraham's bosom.
But if you read the story, you'll find out that the rich man had no care for Lazarus the beggar.
Notice he would walk over him.
He didn't care about anybody but himself.
The rich man didn't care about people that were hurting.
He didn't care about that.
And we got to care.
First of all, he didn't care about God.
If you love God,
That love for God should permeate to love to others.
If you truly love God, you will love your brothers and sisters.
If you true love, he had no love for God, that means he had no love for the poor beggar either.
And where did he end up?
He didn't end up in a good place, did he?
And then we know about Ananias and Sephira.
And we know that they sold a piece of land.
This is New Testament.
and they lied about the offering.
They said, we gave it all.
And Peter said, you're lying to the Holy Spirit.
And what happened?
They dropped dead in church.
Glory to God.
Amen.
Judgment.
God takes seriously our commitments to Him.
God takes seriously the finances that comes into our lives and what we're doing with them.
God's not nonchalant in how we handle our finances.
These are serious matters and we need to take it in matter to serving God with our stuff.
My question to you is, are you a generous person?
Are you a giver or a taker?
Do you bless others or do you just pray for blessings for yourself?
I'm going somewhere today.
Amen.
Are you just saying, God bless me, bless me, bless me, so I can have more and more and more.
I can have more and more and more just for myself.
Or are you believing God for more so you can be a blessing to others?
Are you here what I'm saying today?
And God said to Abraham, when he blessed Abraham in Genesis 12,
He said, I will bless you and make you a blessing.
So the blessing that God puts on our lives is for us to be a blessing to others.
Oh, I'm going somewhere today.
Because we can get into this mindset.
Well, man, I believe in prosperity and it's all for me.
No, don't get in that mindset.
When God is prospering you, you need to be prospering God.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
Philippians 2, 3 and 5, it says, do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit rather in humility value others above yourself.
Not looking at your own relationships with one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus.
So what was Christ Jesus mindset?
He was a giver.
He laid down his life.
He gave to others in spite of
his own needs.
He went to the cross when he rather not.
The cross wasn't on Jesus' bucket list.
It wasn't something he was excited to do.
I'm going to go to the cross.
That's one of the things I want to do.
No, but he did it for the Lord and for us because he loves us.
I want to give you some keys today
and being a generous person because I think this spirit of greed can latch onto any of us at any time in our walk with Christ.
And I think we need a guard against this spirit of self-reliance, of relying on ourselves just whatever we get and then God gets the crumbs.
No, God doesn't need to get the crumbs.
He needs to get our very best.
Glory to God.
And when we put God first and give Him our very best, then God will give us His very best.
But when we dishonor God with our finances, then there's no honor that's going to come in our way to our finances.
In other words, when we learn to be a blessing, God will bless us even in our workplace.
I mean, you know, God will bless us and give us favor and open doors of grace, amen?
So to be a generous person, you must have a heart of gratitude for what God has done for you.
Are you thankful that you're saved?
Do you thank God that he saved you?
Because you know how many people are on the road to hell?
There are so many people and broad is the way that leads destruction and many fall therein to it.
Or broad is the gate and there is a gate that leads to life and very few find it.
Think about that.
And so you are blessed if you're saved and you need to have a thankful heart attitude that you're blessed.
A thankful heart towards God should promote a generous spirit towards God and others.
In Luke 19, this is a great story about a heart of gratitude.
Let me read it, it says, in Luke 19, one through 10, then Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.
Now behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus who was a chief tax collector and he was rich and he sought to see who Jesus was but could not because of the crowd, for he was short in stature.
So he ran ahead and climbed into a sycamore tree to see him, for he was going to pass that way.
And when Jesus came to that place
He looked up and saw him and said to him, Zacharias or Zacchaeus, make haste come down here.
I'm gonna say this, God knows your name.
God knows your name.
Zacchaeus, he knew Zacchaeus.
He knew that Zacchaeus wanted to see him, that Zacchaeus was mesmerized at the stories of Jesus and he was willing to go up into a tree just to look at Jesus.
See, if you're willing to go out of your way to find Jesus, Jesus will go out of his way to find you.
Can I get a witness in a house today?
And Jesus said, Zacchaeus, make haste, come down for today, I must stay at your house.
So he made haste and came down and received him joyfully.
But when they saw it, they complained saying he has gone to be a guest with a man who is a sinner.
So the religious people don't like that stuff, that you're trying to move sinners and make them into saints, amen?
Then Zacchaeus stood and said to the Lord, because the Lord must have said to Zacchaeus the same thing he said to Nicodemus, he must have said, if you believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, you will be saved.
And Zacchaeus must have said, I believe you're the savior of the world, I believe, and Zacchaeus got saved that day.
And Zacchaeus was so thankful
that the Lord drew him, picked him out of that tree and gave him salvation.
He did something.
Zacchaeus stood and said to the Lord, I give half my goods to the poor.
If I've taken anything from anyone by false accusation, I restore full forward, full for.
and that's a tongue twister.
And Jesus said to him, today salvation has come to this house because he's also the son of Abraham for the son of man come to seek and save that which was lost.
Can I give you a statement today?
If your salvation doesn't affect your money, your salvation is very shallow in your life.
That is a strong statement this morning.
If your salvation isn't affecting
how you give to God, then your salvation is very shallow.
Are you hearing what I'm saying today?
And I don't want to have a shallow salvation.
I want my salvation to be deep.
And I want God to know that I love them with all my heart and that I want to put them first in every area of my life.
And that's when we do, when we tie the give offerings.
Number two, to be a generous person, you must set your will to be a giver.
You have to set your will because I'm gonna say this in our natural state, the natural human beings are naturally selfish.
That's the human being makeup.
Our own flesh is normally selfish.
And we gotta fight against that.
I gotta fight against that, amen?
When my wife's doing all the spending.
I gotta fight against, what are we spending money on now, amen?
And so I got to fight against that.
We all got to fight against this selfish spirit.
And I like a Jared person, you must set your mind to be a giver.
In Exodus 35, 4 and 10, Moses is taking an offering up for the tabernacle that they're going to build in the wilderness.
And Moses spoke to the congregation of the children of Israel saying, this is the thing which the Lord commanded saying, take from among you an offering to the Lord, whoever
is of a willing heart.
Let him bring it and offering to the Lord.
So again, if you're going to be a generous person, you have to have a willing heart to give.
How many people have willing hearts to give?
And so I like this in Exodus 35, 21, it says that everyone came whose heart was stirred and everyone whose spirit was willing
and they brought the Lord's offering for the work of the tabernacle of the meeting for all the service and for the holy garments.
And so they understood that their wealth did not come from them.
Their wealth came because God gave them favor with the Egyptians.
And they got favor, I'm gonna say this, can I make a statement to you today, your wealth doesn't come by the power of your own hand.
Some of you think, oh my wealth is because I work hard, this is my money.
Yes, but God gives you the strength and the power to get that money.
And for you to discount the Lord over that, you're discounting the grace of God working in your life in that area.
I don't want to discount the grace of God working in my life to receive income to bless me so I can be a blessing.
And it goes on to say in Exodus 36 that they took up so much offerings
that Moses had to tell them to stop.
I would like to be able to tell you in this church, stop giving.
We got way too much, but I can't say that.
It hadn't come yet, but I would like for the day to come where I could say, hold off giving.
Don't give anymore.
No, no, we need your finances to keep the church going.
Amen.
We need your finances to move the church forward.
Every finance you give in causes the church to move forward.
And anything held back keeps the church from moving forward.
Oh, you hear what I'm saying today?
And so I love this.
So I love what it says in 2 Corinthians 9, 6 and 10.
It says, but he, but this I say, he who's so sparingly will also reap sparingly.
And he who sells those boundally will also reap boundally
So let each one gives as he's purpose in his heart, not grudgingly or out of necessity for God loves a cheerful giver.
And God is able, say God is able.
He's able to make all grace abound towards you that you may have all sufficiency in all things that you may have an abundance for every good work.
As written, he has dispersed the body, has given to the poor,
His righteousness endures forever.
Now, may He who supply seed to the sower and bread food supply and multiply the seed you sow and increase the fruit of your righteousness.
This is powerful because this is saying that our giving transcends just the natural, it goes into the heavily realms.
Your giving doesn't just, it's not just a natural thing,
And it's not just for you to be blessed down here, but it's actually storing up riches in heaven.
And so when you are faithful in giving, you are storing up riches and you'll have an abundant blessing when you get to heaven.
I love this because it says here, the third key to be a generous person, you must trust God to be able to bless you.
My question to you today, do you trust God?
Do you really trust God?
Jesus said in Matthew 6, 19, He said, do not lay up your self treasures on earth where moth and rust destroy, where thieves break and steal, but lay up for yourself treasures in heaven where neither moth nor rust destroys, where thieves do not break and steal.
There you go, there's the heavenly blessing.
So your finances are not only causing a blessing down here,
but your finances will provide a blessing when you get to heaven.
I don't want to get to heaven and live on skid row.
In other words, I want to get to heaven and I want to have a heavenly abode and I don't want to be, I want the blessings of God to be in my life, not only down here, but I want the blessings of God to be in heaven.
How about you, amen?
Jesus said no one can serve in 624 Matthew 624.
No one can serve two masters for either he will hate the one and love the other or he will be loyal to one and despite the other you cannot serve God and mammon and that word mammon means riches.
In other words you can't be looking out just for yourself and not care about the things of God and the people of God.
Amen?
And then Jesus goes on and say, don't worry about your life where you should eat, where you should drink, where you should wear, for for God will take care of you.
Then he goes on and says down in 633, seek first the kingdom of God in his righteousness.
And all these things, food, sheltering and clothing will be added to you.
So we don't run after money, we run after God.
And so when we run after God, financial blessings run after us.
Do you believe that today?
In Proverbs 3, 5, and 6, now I know this is not an easy, this is not an easy message today, amen?
Because it should bring some reality to us.
What are we doing with our finances?
Are we putting God first?
Are we putting ourselves first?
We should look at that and are we walking in true blessings of the Lord?
Or are we just walking in the blessings that we create for ourselves?
Oh, you hear what I'm saying today.
In Proverbs three, five and six says, trust the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding in all your ways, knowledge him and he shall direct your path.
And then it says here, dropping down to verse nine, honor the Lord with your possessions and with the first fruits of your increase.
So your barns will be filled with plenty and your vats will overflow with new wine.
There's always a blessing.
So God's financial blessing for the Christian is tithing and giving offerings.
So when you, in Malachi, it says, in Malachi 310, bring all the ties into the storehouse, that there may be food in my house, and try me in this, says the Lord of hosts, if I will not open for you the winds of the heaven, we're out, such blessing that you're not room enough to receive it.
And I rebuke the devourer for your sake, so we will not destroy the fruit of your ground, nor shall the vine fail to bear fruit for you in the field, said the Lord hosts, and all the nations will call you blessed for you to be delightful
land says the Lord of hosts.
So we see here that God wants to bless you, that he wants to bless you abundantly above more than you can ask or think.
And so he's saying here, if you will tithe, he will give you an overflowing blessing.
If you're tithe, he will rebuke the devourer from stealing from you.
If you will tithe, the people around in other nations will see the blessing on your life and they will call your blessed.
Now, now let me just say this and let me close out by saying this.
The tide does not all not be all to everything.
And what I mean by that, I mean that you can tie the mis-manage your money.
If you're spending more than what's coming in, you can be a tiger and still be broke.
This is honest.
This is true.
If you're not learning to manage your money,
And if you're not a good manager of your money, you can tithe all you want and still be broke.
This is the other side of it.
There's another side between tithe and just because you're tithe doesn't mean you're going to walk in prosperity because tithing and good stewardship works together in the principles of successful blessings in your life.
Amen.
And so that's the reason why you got to get a budget.
That's why you got to know everything.
You got to write down everything that you got to spend money on your housing, everything, and write down what you're coming in.
And then what you do is first you put God first and then you pay everything else.
Amen.
And so you got to know the Bible says, know the state of your flocks.
Know what's coming in and what's going out.
You can actually
You can actually spend more than you're making.
So God can bless you with a million dollars a year, but if you're spending two million, you're in trouble.
God can bless you with a hundred thousand.
If you spend a hundred fifty thousand, you're going in the red.
Are you here when I say it to you today?
You can't, you can't, you got to have good money management principles working with the tithe and God will bless your life.
Where did I learn that?
I learned that from my dad.
My dad was a tither, but he knew exactly what he had coming in and what he had going out.
He would check his bank book every month.
He would tally it up.
He would do all that stuff.
And he was a good money manager.
And you know what?
He was always blessed and I've never seen him lacking for anything.
And this is my dad.
Now, I had a good example to follow.
Now just because you say, well, I don't have a good example to follow.
Then follow the Lord Jesus Christ.
That's my excuse and that's my way out.
You know, there's no excuse.
I want to encourage you.
If you would start giving God first in your finances, God will open doors of grace.
He will grace you in your job.
He will give you favor.
It will almost be like you don't even working, amen?
And when you're working, it's like serving anyway.
So when you're working, you're serving and you work as unto the Lord.
So as you work, you work as unto the Lord and God's grace can work in your life where it becomes a joy and not a detriment in your life.
Do you believe that today?
And God can put His grace on your work.
And it won't even seem like work.
Glory to God.
and it will be a blessing in your life.
Do you believe that today?
Has anybody experienced that?
Because I know what, we got tithers out here and they're blessed in their work and they enjoy their work, their smile when they go to work.
Amen.
But they might smile more when they get off, but no, no, I'm kidding.
But are you here?
I say, did you receive it this morning?
Let's bow our heads in prayer.
Father, I thank you that you're working in our lives.
And I thank you, Lord God, that we're getting rid of the spirit of greed and we're embracing the spirit of generosity in our lives.
And Father, we're gonna endeavor, we're gonna set ourselves
to love you, to be thankful for what you have given us.
We're gonna set our will to give to you, Lord, and we're gonna trust you, Father God, that you're gonna make it happen as we sow and we steward our finances in a golly manner.
And I thank you, Father God, for blessing every person here in this church, blessing those that are watching.
Perhaps you're there and you're watching or you're here and you're listening, and you've never made the commitment for Jesus Christ to be in your life.
The Bible says today is a day of salvation.
I wanna give you that opportunity.
You may have just stumbled on this broadcast by accident, but it's no accident because God got you here.
So I wanna get you to pray this simple prayer.
And if you meet in your heart, you can be saved and have your way to heaven.
Just say this and mean it.
Say, dear God, I believe Jesus died on the cross from my sins.
I believe Jesus
was raised in the dead to save me.
Jesus, I receive you as my Lord and Savior.
Thank you for saving me, and Heavenly Father, fill me with your Holy Spirit in Jesus' name.
Amen.
If you prayed that for the first time, we believe you got born again.
Thank you for praying that.
And if you don't have a church home, come on out.
Be a part of a sea life church.
If you're here in the area, not in the area, find a good church home so you can grow in Christ.
Continue to stay connected with a sea life church.
And we'll see you next week.
God bless you.